Deep Space Nine

1x1 Emissary
A new crew is assigned to a former Cardassian space station: Deep Space Nine. It is a joint United Federation of Planets/Bajoran force, with Benjamin Sisko in charge, but his life is dramatically changed when he is declared the Emissary to the Prophets by a Bajoran priest.

1x2 Past Prologue
A Bajoran terrorist with ties to Kira Nerys arrives on Deep Space Nine and is pursued by the Cardassians. Garak is introduced.

1x3 A Man Alone
Odo is accused of the murder of a Bajoran murderer.

1x4 Babel
A mysterious virus plagues the station, causing speech distortions and eventually death.

1x5 Captive Pursuit
Miles O'Brien befriends an alien from the Gamma Quadrant who is being hunted.

1x6 Q-Less
Q and Vash arrive on Deep Space Nine. However, Vash has realized the annoyance of Q and wants him to leave her alone.

1x7 Dax
Jadzia Dax is accused of a murder committed by her Dax symbiont in another lifetime.

1x8 The Passenger
A sinister criminal is hiding in the mind of someone on Deep Space Nine, but Julian Bashir struggles to understand how it works.

1x9 Move Along Home
Quark is forced to play a game by the Wadi, a newly encountered species, and the lives of the crew depend on the outcome.

1x10 The Nagus
Quark is named as the head of the Ferengi Alliance by Grand Nagus Zek, but he is now surrounded by enemies.

1x11 Vortex
Odo discovers he might not be the only one of his kind when a visitor from the Gamma Quadrant claims he can contact Odo's people.

1x12 Battle Lines
The spiritual leader of Bajor, Kai Opaka, travels with Sisko on a trip to the Gamma Quadrant but is stranded with him on a world where the dead are resurrected.

1x13 The Storyteller
Miles O'Brien is recruited to save a Bajoran village from destruction by a mysterious cloud creature.

1x14 Progress
Kira Nerys has to deal with a stubborn farmer (Brian Keith) who refuses to leave his home even though it is slated for demolition.

1x15 If Wishes Were Horses
Deep Space Nine is put in jeopardy when the crew's thoughts manifest themselves, and such figures as Rumpelstiltskin appear.

1x16 The Forsaken
The Federation ambassador from Betazoid Lwaxana Troi, visits the station, and develops an affection for Odo.

1x17 Dramatis Personae
A Klingon ship comes through the wormhole and explodes. A mutiny is considered.

1x18 Duet
A visiting Cardassian, Marritza, may in fact be the notorious war criminal Gul Darhe'el, butcher of Gallitep Labor camp, and Kira is determined to bring him down.

1x19 In the Hands of the Prophets
Friction escalates when Winn Adami arrives on Deep Space Nine and discovers schoolteacher Keiko O'Brien is teaching about aliens in the Bajoran wormhole.

2x1 The Homecoming
Quark gives Kira a Bajoran earring he claims was sent as a message from a Cardassian mining planet.

2x2 The Circle
The Circle attempts to topple the Bajoran government, but there is more to the situation than meets the eye.

2x3 The Siege
Benjamin Sisko and Li Nalas help stop Deep Space Nine from being commandeered by the Bajorans, while Kira and Jadzia try to put an end to the Circle by presenting evidence that Minister Jaro is being backed by the Cardassians.

2x4 Invasive Procedures
A plasma storm leads to the evacuation of most of the station, but a Trill refugee has his own plans.

2x5 Cardassians
Elim Garak investigates the identity of a Cardassian boy, Rugal, abandoned on Bajor, who has been raised by a Bajoran.

2x6 Melora
Julian Bashir tries to help Ensign Melora Pazlar, the first Elaysian to join Starfleet, adjust to "normal" gravity.

2x7 Rules of Acquisition
Quark represents Grand Nagus Zek in a plot to establish a Ferengi business presence in the Gamma Quadrant. Pel, a young Ferengi, teams up with Quark and they learn that to do business in the Gamma Quadrant they must contact the Keremma, a member race of the Dominion.

2x8 Necessary Evil
When Quark is shot, Odo re-opens a five-year-old murder case of Mr. Vaatrik who was a Cardassian collaborator.

2x9 Second Sight
A mysterious woman, Fenna, catches Sisko's eye during their fleeting meetings.

2x10 Sanctuary
The Skrreea, displaced humanoid farmers from the Gamma Quadrant, claim Bajor as 'Kentanna', their legendary homeland.

2x11 Rivals
Quark feels threatened when a charming swindler, Martus Mazur, opens a competing bar (Club Martus).

2x12 The Alternate
A scientist, Dr. Mora Pol of the Bajoran Science Institute, finds a life-form in the Gamma Quadrant that may be related to Odo.

2x13 Armageddon Game
Miles O'Brien Julian Bashir help two warring races, the Kellerans and T'lani, erase all knowledge of a deadly biological weapon, but are not trusted to keep what they have learned a secret.

2x14 Whispers
While preparing the station for upcoming peace talks, Miles O'Brien discovers that the crew have been hiding information from him and giving orders behind his back. O'Brien begins to suspect everyone on the station is gradually being altered or replaced by an unknown force.

2x15 Paradise
Commander Sisko and Miles O'Brien are stranded on a planet, Aurelius, where their leader, Alixus, rejects technology, even when it means the death of others.

2x16 Shadowplay
Odo and Jadzia investigate why a village's residents are disappearing.

2x17 Playing God
A proto-universe threatens to destroy the station and Bajor. Dax has a field docent (a Trill candidate initiate), named  Arjin, whom she helps find his voice — to discover what he wants from life and from joining.

2x18 Profit and Loss
Quark is reunited with his former Cardassian lover, Natima Lang, but she is engaged in dangerous political intrigue with her students Rekela and Hogue: they want to reduce the political power of the Cardassian military.

2x19 Blood Oath
Jadzia Dax honors an oath made by Curzon Dax to three Klingons (Kor, Koloth, and Kang), and goes with them on a crusade against their sworn enemy "the Albino" who murdered their firstborn children as revenge for stopping his raid on a Klingon colony.

2x20 The Maquis, Part I
Federation colonists reject a treaty with Cardassia and take matters into their own hands, forming a terrorist group called 'The Maquis'.

2x21 The Maquis, Part II
Federation colonists reject a treaty with Cardassia and take matters into their own hands by planning to destroy a weapons depot at the Cardassian Bryma colony.

2x22 The Wire
In order to save Garak's life, Bashir must unravel some of the secrets in the Cardassian's past.

2x23 Crossover
Kira and Bashir accidentally cross to the Mirror Universe, where a Klingon-Cardassian alliance rules. A century before, James T. Kirk had made a similar crossover, affecting human and galactic history. Terrans are slaves on the station.

2x24 The Collaborator
A Bajoran secretary named Kubus, who aided the Cardassian occupation forces wants to return home from exile. Vedek Winn engages in a power play to become Kai against Vedek Bareil.

2x25 Tribunal
O'Brien is declared guilty of an unspecified crime and later "tried" at a tribunal held on Cardassia Prime.

2x26 The Jem'Hadar
Sisko, Jake, Nog, and Quark go camping on a Gamma Quadrant world, but are captured by mysterious soldiers called the Jem'Hadar and meet a force, the Dominion, to rival the Federation.

3x1 The Search, Part I
Sisko takes the new 'USS Defiant' into the Gamma Quadrant to find the mysterious leaders of the Dominion and avert a war, while Odo is drawn by instinct towards his home planet in the Omarion Nebula.

3x2 The Search, Part II
Odo begins to connect with his fellow Changelings as Sisko attempts to negotiate peace with the Dominion.

3x3 The House of Quark
Quark lies about killing a Klingon, Kozak, and is then forced to marry the widow, Grilka, founding his own 'House of Quark'.

3x4 Equilibrium
A secret from Dax's past could mean the end of the current host's life.

3x5 Second Skin
Kira is kidnapped by Cardassians, surgically altered to look Cardassian and told she is actually an undercover Cardassian agent.

3x6 The Abandoned
Quark purchases a salvaged ship from the Gamma Quadrant and discovers an infant on board.

3x7 Civil Defense
Deep Space Nine is progressively locked down after O'Brien, Jake and Sisko accidentally activate an automated Cardassian security program. The program's counter-insurgency measures keep escalating until it initiates an auto-destruct. Gul Dukat beams on board, but is unable to stop the self-destruct sequence.

3x8 Meridian
Dax falls in love with Deral who will soon disappear because he is a member of Meridian, a planet that phases between dimensions every 60 years.

3x9 Defiant
Commander William Riker shows up unannounced and Kira shows him the Defiant, where he reveals his true motives for coming to Deep Space Nine.

3x10 Fascination
Lwaxana Troi pursues Odo during the Bajoran Gratitude Festival as members of the crew suddenly become infatuated with one another.

3x11 Past Tense, Part I
A transporter accident sends Sisko, Bashir, and Jadzia three centuries into Earth's dark past to a time just before the Bell riots, a violent civil disturbance in opposition to Sanctuaries which are controlled ghettos for the dispossessed.

3x12 Past Tense, Part II
Sisko assumes the role of a pivotal historical figure, Gabriel Bell, in order to restore the timeline.

3x13 Life Support
Bashir's ethics are put to the test as he keeps Vedek Bareil alive long enough to help Kai Winn complete negotiations for a peace treaty with Cardassia.

3x14 Heart of Stone
When Kira's life is put in jeopardy Odo expresses the depth of his feelings for her. Meanwhile, back on the station, Nog requests a letter of recommendation to Starfleet.

3x15 Destiny
Despite Trakor's Bajoran prophecy of destruction, Sisko assists in a joint scientific venture with the Cardassians to open communications through the Bajoran wormhole.

3x16 Prophet Motive
Quark discovers that Grand Nagus Zek has written a new virtuous and benevolent set of the Rules of Acquisition, which would put an end to the traditional Ferengi ways.

3x17 Visionary
Exposure to radiation causes O'Brien to jump five hours into the future for brief periods, as Deep Space Nine hosts Romulan and Klingon delegations.

3x18 Distant Voices
Julian Bashir is subjected to a telepathic attack by an alien seeking a restricted substance.

3x19 Through the Looking Glass
Sisko is convinced by "Smiley" O'Brien from a Mirror Universe to assume the role of the dead Captain Sisko.

3x20 Improbable Cause
Garak's tailor shop is bombed, forcing Odo to investigate who is trying to kill the Cardassian exile – and why.

3x21 The Die Is Cast
Garak reluctantly tortures Odo for information to prove his loyalty to his former mentor, Enabran Tain, as a joint Romulan Tal Shiar/Cardassian Obsidian Order attack on the Founders in the Omarian Nebula is underway, without Starfleet's involvement.

3x22 Explorers
Sisko builds a replica of an ancient Bajoran space vessel and with Jake attempts to prove that the Bajorans developed interstellar travel before Cardassians.

3x23 Family Business
Quark returns to his home planet to confront his mother after hearing from the Ferengi Commerce Authority that she broke the law by earning profit.

3x24 Shakaar
Kai Winn needs Kira to convince her former resistance leader, Shakaar, now a farmer on Bajor, to return soil reclamators needed elsewhere in Rakantha, which used to be Bajor's most productive agricultural region.

3x25 Facets
Jadzia Dax deals with feelings of inferiority as she encounters past hosts in a Trill Zhian'tara ceremony which is able to transfer the memories of former hosts into another recipient.

3x26 The Adversary
Ambassador Krajensky informs newly promoted Captain Sisko that there has been a coup on Tzenketh. A Changeling hides on board the 'Defiant' and sabotages the ship.

4x1, 4x2 The Way of the Warrior
A Klingon fleet arrives on its way to expand the Klingon Empire at the expense of the Cardassians in the face of the Dominion threat, and Worf is brought to DS9 to negotiate.

4x3 The Visitor
An elderly Jake Sisko relates the story of how he lost his father to a temporal displacement accident.

4x4 Hippocratic Oath
Bashir assists a rogue group of Jem'Hadar led by Goran'Agar attempting to overcome their genetic addiction to Ketracel White. Goran'Agar is able to survive without the White and enlists the aid of Bashir to try to understand why.

4x5 Indiscretion
Forced to bring along Dukat on a personal mission to investigate the fate of the Ravinok, Kira discovers the real reason her old enemy wants to accompany her.

4x6 Rejoined
Dax is reunited with Lenara Kahn, whose previous host was the wife of one of Dax's former hosts, Torias Dax, and the two struggle with their feelings for one another.

4x7 Starship Down
The Defiant becomes trapped in a planet's radiation-filled atmosphere after battling with the Jem'Hadar.

4x8 Little Green Men
Quark, Rom, Nog, and Odo are accidentally thrust back in time to Roswell, New Mexico, Earth, in 1947.

4x9 The Sword of Kahless
Worf, Dax and a revered Klingon Dahar master, Kor, search for the Sword of Kahless to unite the Klingon Empire.

4x10 Our Man Bashir
Bashir plays a 1960s secret agent in a holosuite, when Garak unexpectedly intrudes, but his help is needed when the DS9 computer uses the holosuite to store the patterns of other crew members during a teleporting accident.

4x11 Homefront
Sisko and Odo are brought to Earth when it's suspected Changelings are infiltrating Starfleet.

4x12 Paradise Lost
As Sisko and Odo prepare for a Dominion invasion they discover a plot to place the Federation under military control.

4x13 Crossfire
Odo hidden feelings for Kira surface when the visiting Bajoran First Minister, Shakaar Edon, begins to court her.

4x14 Return to Grace
Dukat seeks Kira's help in regaining his rank in the Cardassian Empire.

4x15 Sons of Mogh
Cast out of Klingon society because of Worf's dishonor, his outcast brother, Kurn, asks Worf to kill him.

4x16 Bar Association
Rom creates a union for Quark's employees and goes on strike.

4x17 Accession
A famous Bajoran poet, Akorem Laan, who disappeared over 200 years ago appears from the wormhole and convinces Sisko that he is the true Emissary.

4x18 Rules of Engagement
Worf accidentally destroys a civilian ship during battle and faces a hearing to determine whether he should be extradited to the Klingon Empire.

4x19 Hard Time
O'Brien's mind has been altered to create memories of being incarcerated for 20 years on an alien world on charges of espionage and sedition.

4x20 Shattered
Sisko attempts to rescue Jake after he is lured into a war-torn mirror universe by his mother's Mirror Universe living counterpart.

4x21 The Muse
While Odo assists a pregnant Lwaxana Troi, Jake falls under the spell of a mysterious woman, Onaya.

4x22 For the Cause
Sisko learns that his girlfriend, Kasidy Yates might be a Maquis smuggler.

4x23 To the Death
Sisko and the Defiant crew join forces with the Jem'Hadar to stop a group of Jem'Hadar renegades from gaining power.

4x24 The Quickening
Bashir tries to free the population of a Gamma Quadrant world in the Teplan system of an engineered disease left by the Dominion 200 years previously.

4x25 Body Parts
Quark is diagnosed with a terminal disease, Dorek's Syndrome, and given a week to live.

4x26 Broken Link
Odo collapses and is taken to the Infirmary. The doctor discovers Odo is losing his ability to maintain solid form.

5x1 Apocalypse Rising
Starfleet assigns Sisko to expose the Changeling infiltrator in the Klingon Empire.

5x2 The Ship
While exploring in the Gamma Quadrant, Sisko, Dax, Worf, and O'Brien see a Jem'Hadar warship crash on a planet's surface.

5x3 Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places
Worf finds himself attracted to Grilka, Quark's ex wife, when she visits the station.

5x4 ...Nor the Battle to the Strong
Dr. Bashir has been away at a conference and Jake Sisko has accompanied him to research a profile he is writing about the doctor. Returning in a runabout, they get a distress call from a Federation colony under Klingon attack.

5x5 The Assignment
Keiko returns from a journey and informs O'Brien that she is really an entity that has taken possession of his wife's body.

5x6 Trials and Tribble-ations
Darvin, a disgraced Klingon spy, travels back in time. The DS9 crew must prevent him from altering the timeline.

5x7 Let He Who Is Without Sin...
Worf and Dax vacation on the pleasure planet, Risa, and encounter unexpected dangers.

5x8 Things Past
Sisko, Odo, Dax and Garak are found unconscious. While Bashir attempts to revive their bodies, the four wake up during the Cardassian occupation of Bajor several years earlier.

5x9 The Ascent
Forced to crash land on a desolate planet, Odo and Quark learn they lost their communications system, replicator, and most rations in an explosion.

5x10 Rapture
An accident causes Sisko to have prophetic visions.

5x11 The Darkness and the Light
Someone is killing Kira's friends off and she might be next.

5x12 The Begotten
When Quark discovers an infant Changeling, it has a profound effect on Odo. Meanwhile, Kira goes into labor.

5x13 For the Uniform
Michael Eddington returns and Sisko becomes obsessed with catching him.

5x14 In Purgatory's Shadow
Worf and Garak journey to the Gamma Quadrant to investigate a coded Cardassian message.

5x15 By Inferno's Light
Dukat aligns the Cardassians with the Dominion. The station must deal with a Changeling infiltrator.

5x16 Doctor Bashir, I Presume?
Julian Bashir is selected to become the model for a Long-term Medical Hologram, until a family secret is revealed.

5x17 A Simple Investigation
Odo falls in love with a woman, Arissa, involved in the Orion Syndicate.

5x18 Business as Usual
Quark becomes involved with a group of arms dealers, led by his cousin Gaila.

5x19 Ties of Blood and Water
Tekeny Ghemor arrives on Deep Space Nine and reveals that he is dying.

5x20 Ferengi Love Songs
At the end of his rope, Quark returns home and discovers Moogie has a secret lover.

5x21 Soldiers of the Empire
Martok, Worf, and Dax go on a mission aboard a Klingon ship to search for the B'moth.

5x22 Children of Time
An accident causes the crew to meet their own descendants - and presents them with an ethical dilemma.

5x23 Blaze of Glory
An act of desperation by the Maquis could plunge the Federation into war. The Maquis have 30 cloaked missiles headed to Cardassia which will cause an outbreak of war in the alpha quadrant.

5x24 Empok Nor
O'Brien, Garak, Nog and an engineering team go to Deep Space Nine's abandoned sister space station, Empok Nor, to salvage components. The away team soon discover that all is not as it seems.

5x25 In the Cards
Jake wants to give his father a present to cheer him up, a 1951 Willie Mays baseball card, but runs into complications with a mysterious geneticist, Dr. Giger, and a Dominion ambassador group.

5x26 Call to Arms
Faced with the realization that the Dominion are taking over the Alpha Quadrant, Sisko decides to mine the entrance to the wormhole with self-replicating cloaked mines, thus beginning the Dominion War.

6x1 A Time to Stand
Three months into the war, DS9 is still under Dominion control. Sisko and his crew are given a mission to destroy a vital Ketracel White facility deep in Dominion space using a captured Jem'Hadar ship. Jake is working for the Federation News Service. Odo is head of Terok Nor's security supported by the Vorta Weyoun.

6x2 Rocks and Shoals
Sisko and his tired crew crash on a planet where they encounter a band of Jem'Hadar.

6x3 Sons and Daughters
While on General Martok's ship Worf is reunited with his estranged son, Alexander Rozhenko.

6x4 Behind the Lines
Sisko creates a risky plan to disable a critical Dominion sensor array able to see 5 sectors out, while on Terok Nor, Kira, Jake, Rom and Odo seek to undermine the Dominion Alliance.

6x5 Favor the Bold
Learning of thousands of Dominion reinforcements gathering in the Gamma Quadrant, Sisko initiates a plan to retake Deep Space Nine and secure the wormhole before the minefield is detonated.

6x6 Sacrifice of Angels
Sisko commands the 'Defiant' and 600 Federation ships against a Dominion/Cardassian armada to retake Deep Space Nine. Damar has Kira, Jake, and Leeta arrested.

6x7 You are Cordially Invited...
Worf's plans for a traditional Klingon wedding hinge on Martok's demanding wife, Sirella, accepting Jadzia into their family.

6x8 Resurrection
The mirror universe counterpart of Kira's dead love, Vedek Bareil, takes her hostage on Deep Space Nine as he is running from the evil Alliance of his universe.

6x9 Statistical Probabilities
Bashir attempts to reintegrate genetically-engineered misfits into society, but they are asked by Starfleet to become a think tank when they provide insightful analysis of upcoming Dominion peace talks.

6x10 The Magnificent Ferengi
Quark mounts a rescue mission when his mother, Ishka, is captured by the Dominion and Grand Nagus Zek offers a reward for her return.

6x11 Waltz
Sisko meets with the former Cardassian leader Gul Dukat, now a prisoner, as he awaits a war crimes investigation.

6x12 Who Mourns for Morn?
Morn is killed in an ion storm and Sisko informs Quark that Morn left his entire estate to him. But Quark has a little competition.

6x13 Far Beyond the Stars
After Captain Swofford's ship, the Cortez, is destroyed, Sisko considers leaving Starfleet.

6x14 One Little Ship
Dax, O'Brien, and Bashir board a Runabout, which is shrunken to four inches long as they investigate a rare subspace compression phenomenon.

6x15 Honor Among Thieves
Starfleet Intelligence recruits Chief Miles O'Brien to infiltrate the Orion Syndicate to find a Starfleet informant.

6x16 Change of Heart
When Jadzia Dax is critically injured on an away mission, Worf must choose between saving his wife and completing their assignment.

6x17 Wrongs Darker Than Death or Night
When Dukat reveals to Kira her mother, Kira Meru, did not die when she was three, but was actually his lover, Kira goes into the past using the Bajoran Orb of Time to find the truth.

6x18 Inquisition
Bashir is accused of unknowingly spying for the Dominion.

6x19 In the Pale Moonlight
Sisko asks Garak to help him get the Romulans to join the war against the Dominion.

6x20 His Way
Bashir shows off a new Holosuite program of a martini lounge with a 1960s Vegas singer named Vic Fontaine who is very perceptive; and gives advice to Odo when Kira visits her ex-lover Shakaar.

6x21 The Reckoning
Sisko is called to Bajor when an ancient tablet addressing the Emissary is discovered at B'hala.

6x22 Valiant
Jake and Nog come under attack by the Jem'Hadar and are rescued by a rogue Defiant class starship, the Valiant, under the command of Starfleet Red Squadron cadets.

6x23 Profit and Lace
Quark helps out when Zek's status as the Ferengi Grand Nagus is put in jeopardy by proposing equal rights for Ferengi females.

6x24 Time's Orphan
Molly O'Brien disappears in a vortex and reappears as an 18-year-old woman, but she is now feral, bringing great difficulty for her parents.

6x25 The Sound of Her Voice
The 'Defiant' picks up a distress call from Captain Lisa Cusak, whose escape pod has crashed on a remote planet following the destruction of her ship, the Olympia.

6x26 Tears of the Prophets
Starfleet Command begins an offensive against the Dominion, and Sisko is chosen to lead the invasion of Cardassia, but the Cardassian/Dominion Alliance has secretly reinforced their borders with unmanned orbital weapons platforms.

7x1 Image in the Sand
With the Bajoran wormhole collapsed, Sisko struggles for a way to contact the Bajoran Prophets. Kira opens a Romulan military hospital, and a new Dax appears on the scene.

7x2 Shadows and Symbols
Sisko's quest leads him to the truth about his existence as Kira sets up a blockade of the Bajoran Moon, Derna, against the Romulans.

7x3 Afterimage
Everyone who knew Jadzia Dax reacts strongly to Ezri Dax's presence, particularly Worf. Meanwhile Garak suffers from bad claustrophobic attacks.

7x4 Take Me Out to the Holosuite
Sisko must train his staff to play baseball when the Vulcans, led by Solok, challenge them to a game.

7x5 Chrysalis
Bashir falls for a genetically enhanced patient, Sarina Douglas, that he brought out of a catatonic state using an experimental medical procedure.

7x6 Treachery, Faith, and the Great River
A Vorta defector, Weyoun-6, gives Odo valuable information in exchange for asylum. Weyoun-7, the next clone in the series, pursues them. Meanwhile Nog engages in a series of barters to get a Graviton Stabilizer for Miles.

7x7 Once More Unto the Breach
Worf finds a battle assignment for Kor an aging Klingon hero.

7x8 The Siege of AR-558
Sisko and crew relieve Starfleet troops under siege by Jem'Hadar at a key communications outpost, AR-558, the largest dominion communications array in the sector.

7x9 Covenant
Dukat, now a religious leader, holds Kira hostage. Mika, one of Dukat's followers, gives birth to a half-Cardassian child.

7x10 It's Only a Paper Moon
Nog struggles with PTSD and begins living with Vic Fontaine.

7x11 Prodigal Daughter
Ezri goes to New Sydney to find O'Brien and uncovers some disturbing family secrets. Miles goes in search of the widow of Liam Bilby, Morica Bilby, whom he befriended in an undercover operation.

7x12 The Emperor's New Cloak
Quark and Rom cross into the alternate universe to rescue Grand Nagus Zek.

7x13 Field of Fire
Ezri summons Joran, a homicidal Dax incarnation from her past, for help in understanding the mind of a serial killer loose on the station.

7x14 Chimera
A Changeling, Laas, asks Odo to leave the station and join his search for other shapeshifters. Laas was with the Varalans and has learned to assume a space-faring creatures form.

7x15 Badda-Bing Badda-Bang
The crew attempt to help Vic Fontaine when Vic's hotel is bought by mobsters Frankie Eyes and Carl Zeemo.

7x16 Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges
While attending a diplomatic conference on Romulus, Bashir becomes an unwilling pawn of Section 31.

7x17 Penumbra
Ezri searches for a missing Worf and Sisko makes plans to marry Kasidy Yates.

7x18 'Til Death Do Us Part
Captured by the Breen, Ezri and Worf undergo mental torture. Sisko agonizes over his broken engagement.

7x19 Strange Bedfellows
An alliance is born between the Dominion and the Breen which will prove devastating for the Federation. Ezri and Worf are sentenced to death on Cardassia.

7x20 The Changing Face of Evil
The war reaches a crucial turning point when the Dominion retakes the Chin'Toka system, the only Allied foothold in enemy space. Meanwhile, Winn learns that Dukat plans to release the Pah-Wraiths, and Damar leads a revolt against the Dominion.

7x21 When It Rains...
Sisko orders Kira to train Cardassians in resistance tactics as Damar's rebellion gains ground; meanwhile, Bashir makes a shocking discovery about the disease that is ravaging the Founders.

7x22 Tacking Into the Wind
Kira masterminds a plot to steal the Breen energy dampening weapon and Worf instigates a power shift in the Klingon Empire.

7x23 Extreme Measures
Bashir and O'Brien must get inside the mind of the man who holds Odo's cure.

7x24 The Dogs of War
Sisko takes command of a new ship; Kira and Garak face a Dominion ambush on Cardassia.

7x25, 7x26 What You Leave Behind
Sisko leads the Federation/Klingon/Romulan alliance in the offensive on the Cardassian homeworld. Dukat and Winn journey to the fire caves to release the Pah'Wraiths, and Damar leads his people in a revolution in an attempt to overthrow their Dominion oppressors.


